Jesus, thank you for this morning.
Thank you that as we just saying that you are faithful.
We have so many ages in this room right now, and I know every single voice and heart could say, all my life, you have been faithful.
It doesn't matter if you're a newborn or if you're 90.
You are a faithful God.
So I pray you would show us that today, that you would speak to us through your word,
that you would send your Holy Spirit to give us wisdom and revelation through this time.
So speak to our hearts, draw us near to you.
We love you and we pray all this in Jesus' name.
Everybody said.
So I've been coming to Calvary almost my whole life in various capacities.
My family used to be a Wednesday night family over at the Gateway campus.
And we used to go on Wednesdays, we'd go to checkers beforehand.
And you remember the checkers right over by the Gateway campus.
Anyone here go to the gateway campus?
I'm curious.
Anyone been going here for like all 40 years?
I'm just, you've been here the whole, as we're celebrating 40 years.
I'm trying to see every hand in this room.
I can't tell if anyone has a hand up.
If you do, that's awesome.
That's so cool.
And one thing I remember from just my whole life being a part of this church is Calvary has built on a few things.
It's built on the word.
Literally, like you've heard it before, there is a Bible buried underneath the pulpit here.
Everything we do, we want to proclaim with that as our foundation.
Calvary's always been a church of prayer, and Calvary loves to worship.
Who loves to worship?
I mean, what we just had happening just now is so beautiful, so amazing.
Like, there's a hunger to worship.
And I remember getting to attend way back in the day at our old campus with Pastor Clay, and he was on his, like, electric keyboard.
He had long hair, and everyone's like, this is like rock star worship.
Like, I'm like, this is different.
We don't know what this is.
But, like, it was just people who were hungry to worship the Lord, to bask in His presence.
And I remember 10, 12 years ago, when we would have these nights
of worship when people would line their Bibles up outside the doors before the doors open to save their place here, because they just wanted to come on a Friday night and worship.
But even now, as a youth pastor here, I see a generation that loves to worship, that will do a night of worship for our youth on a Friday night, and 200 high schoolers and middle schoolers will take, if you didn't hear me, a Friday night to come to church to worship Jesus.
You know, we do a huge conference.
Yeah, we do a huge conference every summer called Youth Encounter with over 1,500 students.
And almost unanimously, when you talk to them about what happened at YE, they say, I loved worshiping.
I wish we could have worshiped more.
I wish we could have sat in His presence more.
Like, Calvary has always been built on worship.
And it's so cool to me because as we dig into 2 Samuel 22, what we'll see in the books of 1 and 2 Samuel is 1 Samuel starts off in chapter 2 with Hannah's song of praise.
And then you go through the whole story of First and Second Samuel, and you see Saul, and you see David, and you see fights, and battles, and you see sin, and you see family stuff, and you see backslidden, and you see rebellion, and you see all of this.
But then in Second Samuel 22, you see David's song of praise.
This book of highs and lows, this book of everything you can imagine, all the craziness.
I don't know if you guys during this series, you read some of these stories, you're like, that's in the Bible.
Like, the craziness that takes place in this book, yet it's bookended by songs of praise.
Because no matter what happens in life, we have a reason to praise.
We have a reason to worship.
And there's people who debate on when David wrote this song.
Some people think he wrote it when he's younger because it says he wrote it shortly after he was delivered from Saul.
And here's what I like to picture.
I don't know this, so this is Sean's thought.
I want to make it very clear, but I think David wrote this when he was younger, but now he's nearing the end of his life, and he's looking back on this song he wrote of God's faithfulness, and he's singing it again.
He's singing it after dealing with his own son rebelling against him.
After dealing with two civil wars, after dealing with his own sin with Bathsheba and Uriah and all those things, yet throughout his life, he can look on and still say, God has been faithful to me.
I'm going to revisit this song I wrote about him in the end of my days because that's who God is.
He's the same yesterday, today, and forever.
Today, we're going to hear some testimonies.
We're going to hear some stories.
We're going to see what the Lord's done in our next generation over these past 40 years.
We're also going to talk about what he's going to continue to do over these next 40 years.
But if you will, read with me.
It's 2 Samuel 22 verse 1.
It says, David sang to the Lord the words of this song, when the Lord delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul.
He said, the Lord is my rock, my fortress and my deliverer.
My God is my rock in whom I take refuge, my shield and the horn of my salvation.
He is my stronghold, my refuge and my savior.
From violent people you save me, I called to the Lord who is worthy of praise and have been saved from my enemies.
Number one, if you're taking notes, you can write this down.
You have saved me.
I love this.
David goes through all these names for God.
He calls him my rock, my fortress, my deliverer, my stronghold, all these incredible names.
And I love our God is a God of every season, of every circumstance, of every situation that he has all these names because God is what we need when we need it.
He's who we need when we need it.
When it's dark, he's our light.
When it's chaos, he's our peace.
But my favorite thing David says about God here is he says, you have saved me.
I think the greatest name we get to call God that we get to call Jesus is Savior.
If you're a Calvary kid in the room and you got one of the bags on your way in, inside your bags is a little cross.
I want you to pull that out.
And this is for you when you leave here today to remember that you can look on and say to the Lord, you have saved me.
This is how Jesus saved us because it's only God
can take this symbol.
If you know anything about this symbol, this is not a pretty symbol.
This was a horrific symbol.
Jesus took this and made it life.
Jesus took this and made this something that we're proud to wear.
It used to be a shame to wear this on your back.
Now we're proud to wear it around our neck because Jesus saved us.
because Jesus redeemed us, because Jesus delivered us.
This is what he does.
So David, through the ups and downs of his life, he can acknowledge God's presence.
He has been saved.
And we're going to hear a couple of stories in just a second.
As you're hearing those stories, I just want you to listen.
Because I think so often we think of salvation as just that moment where we gave our life to Jesus, which that is what salvation is.
But David's story of God saving him isn't just the salvation story, but he delivered him from the giants.
He delivered him from the civil wars.
He delivered him from his own son.
He delivered him from a backsliding state.
So as you hear these stories, I just want you to listen.
I want you to reflect.
When you say those words, you have saved me.
What does that even mean in your own life?
So let's listen to these people who can truly say these words that you have saved me.
Hey, guys.
My name is Angel Ayala, and I grew up in church, and I assumed I was a Christian because my family was.
By the church camp in 2022, I experienced God's presence and conviction for the first time, and that's when I started my lifetime.
That's where God saved me from eternal separation from Him, and I felt lighter than ever before.
But after the camp I faded, I began to struggle with sin, and I wasn't really spending time with the Lord, and I kept slipping back into old patterns.
Later on, I hit a lobe point.
I came across atheist arguments against Christianity online and started to believe some of them.
Around that time, my dad decided to bring us to Calvary.
One night in the high school ministry, I heard Pastor Luke still teaching.
And for some reason, I felt compelled to share what I was wrestling with.
He encouraged me to pray, God, show me you're real.
And God didn't answer me with some crazy sign or miracle, but he sent me a brother in Christ who walked with me in faith.
That's when he saved me from the lies I was believing about him.
And that's when I really started to grow in discipleship.
get community, and eventually I began interning with Caleb, our high school worship leader.
And that season led to the most important, but most simple revelation I've ever received.
In a quiet moment, I laid out all my failures and fears before God.
And as I sat in silence, I heard him speak to me so clearly.
There's no secret way to pray or read your Bible that makes you right with me.
It's only by the blood of Jesus.
And through this truth, God saved me from striving and solidified my identity in Christ.
The fear and guilt I once carried were a place with joy, freedom, and confidence in Him.
I can testify that God saved me.
Hi, my name is Victoria, and my lifebook for Christ was similar to most.
My family and I went to church on Saturdays and would read our Bibles together.
But I didn't have a true relationship with Jesus.
The moment when my life changed was in 2021 when my parents divorced.
The aftermath of it all broke my heart, which led me to be angry at God and only seek Him in desperate moments.
Little did I know, it also broke Jesus's heart.
I would be anxious whenever I left my house, argue with my siblings on sob, and would cry every night waiting for things to change.
That feeling of missing something in my heart was always there, and I didn't know how to stop it.
Yet it didn't need to be stopped, my heart needed to be filled.
It wasn't until July 2024 at Youth Encounter that I allowed Jesus to lead me.
I walked up to a leader, Mrs. Cathy, who's one of our high school small group leaders for prayer.
I explained how I doubt God and felt anger towards Him.
She prayed over me and I felt different.
My heart was filled with Christ's love.
When I returned to my seat, they were playing worship and I began to worship God.
And I felt this overwhelming voice saying to me, I love you.
I love you so much and nothing is ever going to change that.
That day is when I fully surrender to the Lord.
I had made the decision to follow Jesus and not just believe in Him.
Because of Him, I don't feel anxious anymore.
I feel conviction when I sin and when I'm burdened, I surrender it to the Lord.
I serve Him through love in my daily life, spending time in my word, praying for others, and obeying the Holy Spirit.
He reminds me that His love covers all my shame and sin.
That love isn't just a feeling, it's an action.
He blesses me with Christ-like community through my Calvary Youth Small Group and by serving with our youth student leader team.
Jesus is growing my relationship with my siblings who are both also on fire for Christ.
I see him in everything.
He shows me that my hope is in him and that hope is holy.
I trust in my God because of what he's done for me so I can truly testify God has saved me.
Let's continue reading 2 Samuel verse 21.
It says, the Lord has dealt with me according to my righteousness.
According to the cleanness of my hands, he has rewarded me.
For I have kept the ways of the Lord.
I'm not guilty of turning from my God.
All his laws are before me.
I have not turned away from his decrees.
I have been blameless before him and have kept myself from sin.
The Lord has rewarded me according to my righteousness, according to my cleanness in his sight.
Number two, you can write this down.
The Lord has rewarded me.
Calvary kids, if you're reaching your bag, you should have a metal or a plastic, I guess.
Is that an oxymoron, a plastic metal?
I don't know.
Who likes getting rewards?
Let's come on, be honest.
If your hand's not up, you're liar and you're in church.
Please don't lie in church.
I always say, the only time you should lie is in bed at night.
Now I lie me down to sleep, you know, that whole thing.
All right.
We love getting rewards, right?
There's nothing like getting a medal or a trophy or a prize or something from the claw machine.
Miracles do happen.
We love our rewards.
And David,
He talks twice in these verses about the Lord has rewarded me.
And it's so interesting because when you look on at David and the things he says here, it doesn't really make sense or line up with David's life.
He says, the Lord has dealt with me according to my righteousness, according to the cleanness of my hands.
Is David very righteous?
Are his hands clean?
No.
Yet he says this a little bit later on.
He says, I've been blameless.
And he says, I've kept myself from sin.
Talk about liars, right?
But what's happening here?
See, David is not sitting here bragging about himself.
But in this moment, he's praising God for viewing him the way God views him.
He's praising God for being his savior.
He's praising God because God doesn't view us by who we are, but by his son, Jesus, whose righteousness we took on.
That's our reward.
And here's the crazy thing to me about our relationship with Jesus.
The fact that I can say you have saved me and I get a relationship with Jesus and I go to heaven when I die, that's reward enough.
Yet he gives us so much more.
Like, he doesn't just go, okay, you're saved, you're good.
But he's like, hey, you're saved, and now here's a cookie.
Hey, you're saved, here's some cake.
Hey, you're saved.
And not literally, but symbolically, but think of that.
He doesn't just save us and then move on, but Jesus said, I came to give them life, life.
Abundantly, life more abundantly, life to the full.
He came to give us a full life and abundant life.
Anyone here ever seen the movie Cars?
And he liked Lightning McQueen fans, right?
So the movie Car is Lightning McQueen.
A lot of people don't realize this, but he's got this huge identity crisis.
See, Lightning McQueen, he's all about racing.
He's all about trying to win the piston cup, and his whole life is about his image.
But then as he's driving to the piston cup, if you haven't seen the movie, that's the whole thing.
They're trying to win the cup.
It's kind of like NASCAR, but like the cars are alive.
It's scary if you think about it.
and he gets lost.
And he ends up in this town of radiator springs.
Beautiful place.
You should visit sometime.
And he gets arrested for speeding, basically.
And then as he's doing community service, he actually starts to destroy the community.
He destroys the road.
He vandalizes some things.
Like, it's this whole big deal.
And he's just in a bad place.
But then at some point in the movie, you guys didn't know this was a Christian movie, but he repents.
and he starts to turn his life around.
It's kind of this moment, I'd be joking, but this moment of salvation, but it doesn't just end there.
They're not like, oh, Lady McQueen, you're good.
Thank you.
You're forgiven of all the stuff you did in our city, but he starts to have a new identity.
He doesn't care about the piston cup.
He doesn't care about his image.
He's starting to realize there's more to life than what he thought.
He starts to find a sense of belonging.
He becomes friends with a tow truck.
Wouldn't that be cool?
And they made her.
He didn't.
Well, in his cup, he starts to find community.
He starts to find belonging.
He becomes friends with Sally and the Hudson Hornet and all the other weird people in radiator springs.
But it's this incredible thing.
And then he finds this sense of purpose.
Not only does he find this community and this new identity,
But he really finds himself pouring into them and then pouring into him.
And he's realizing there's more to life than this.
And that's the picture of the reward the Lord has for us.
He's rewarded us not just even though that's enough.
If it was just salvation, if it was just a relationship with Jesus, that would be more than enough.
But he gives us so much more.
He gives us a full life.
My personal mantra that we've adopted as a youth ministry is love God, love people, have fun.
And I love this, I love this, and it's so close to my heart because when I got serious about my faith with Jesus, my life changed.
And I had more fun than I've ever had.
Doesn't mean it was easy.
Life was still hard.
I would actually say life was probably harder once I got serious about Jesus than it was before, but it was better.
And it was more fulfilling, and it was more fun.
And I found purpose, and I found identity, and I found belonging.
So today we're gonna hear a couple more stories from some amazing people that serve here at our church.
People who've experienced his faithfulness.
People who've found that identity, that sense of belonging, that sense of purpose.
And as I said even earlier, as you hear these stories, I just want you to think about what this looks like or could look like in your own life.
But let's hear from these amazing people who can truly say the Lord has rewarded me.
Hello, my name is George, this is my wife Vanessa, and we are the Liao family.
When God brought us together 20 years ago, we were in a similar place spiritually, distant from God, but knowing we didn't want to stay that way.
We started attending Calvary together.
We couldn't get enough.
We didn't want to miss one church service because every time we came, there was a major life lesson to learn.
We attended just about every class that Calvary offered.
At the same time, we began Bible studies with our close friends, the finds, at their home.
It was what our thirsty hearts were longing for, the truth of God's word to light our path.
It revealed sin in our lives that we needed to address.
And with every step of obedience, we felt the blessing and favor of God coming like a gentle wind guiding us forward.
We made a commitment to follow Christ and His word wholeheartedly.
It was undoubtedly a turning point in our lives.
We began serving together in Calvary Kids, and shortly after, we got married.
We prayed, forgot to surround us with mature couples to learn from, and the Lord surely answered that prayer.
When we were invited to a married couple study, the very next week we were the only newly ones there.
We continued to marriage studies with these seasoned godly couples for the next few years.
We greatly desire to start a family, and after a heartbreaking miscarriage, the Lord blessed us with Samuel, whose name means ask the God, exactly one year and three days after losing our first child.
Our blessings tripled as a Zabella Lucas and Rebecca were given to us by our gracious God.
We first learned about homeschooling from other families here at Calvary.
After much prayer and surrender, we clearly saw this was the Lord's will for us.
We're now in our 11th year of homeschooling, and we continue to be in awe of the faithfulness of our God in providing the finances, resources, support, and most of all the grace to respond to this calling in our lives.
Our children have grown up here at Calvary serving alongside us.
Today, George is an elder serving with the host team.
I'm in my 18th year serving in Calvary Kids.
Samuel and Lucas serve with God's guys, Isabella serves with the three-year-olds in Calvary Kids, and our Rebecca serves in Wiggles and Worship.
We attend service as a family on Saturday nights and we serve together on Sundays.
We love our church and the beautiful community has given to us to share in life with.
We can testify that God has truly been faithful to us.
Good morning, y'all.
It's kind of early.
My name is Victor.
I'm a CCA alum and cover youth alum and today I get the blessing of serving with the youth
and young adult ministry here at COVID-4 Lauderdale.
One thing about me, I used to be that problem kid.
Every week, my mission was to disrupt service and cause trouble in groups.
That was me.
But a 19 God used faithful friends led by Christ to push me to take my faith seriously.
That's when everything changed.
God ignited a fire in my soul.
For two years, I grew in His Word, and I was hungry for truth, listening to the same teachers you all sit under right now.
I loved worshiping, I loved learning.
but I was still wasn't doing anything to move God's kingdom forward.
That's when I finally got plugged in to serve.
God wanted to use the gifts He gave me for His glory.
He restored my relationship with my old youth pastor and surrounded me with brothers in Christ who now walk with me daily.
Now I lead a seventh grade small group and trust me, I see glimpses of my old self in some of those guys.
But just like others once pushed me closer to Jesus, now I get to pour into them and push them forward.
Here's what I've learned.
If I hadn't taken that step of action for Jesus, I wouldn't have the brothers, mentors, or purpose I have today.
Before Christ, I didn't care about school, family, or even friendships.
I was fine wasting my days away, but God had a purpose, and He revealed it through people.
If it weren't for those who heard God's call and actually acted on it, my family and I wouldn't know true life in Christ.
Friends became family, showing me Christlike love by sacrificing time, energy, and resources to point me towards Him.
From then on, Jesus wasn't a subject in a curriculum anymore.
He became someone I wanted to lean on and follow towards the abundant life he offers.
That spark led me to serve, sitting in a seat and attending a group wasn't enough anymore.
God put it on my heart to pour into the next generation, and I can honestly say, joining the youth in Young adult ministry here has been pure joy.
My story is just one of many in this church, but if you hear anything from me today, hear this, Christ took my empty life and filled it with his joy.
I can testify that God has been faithful to me.
I don't know why you called me your old youth pastor.
I'm pretty young, I like to think, but I can testify that he's not lying.
He was a crazy middle schooler, but I never would have thought that he'd be standing on stage next to me at a service here, sharing about how God's been faithful to him.
But that's how the Lord rewards us.
He is the same God.
Amen.
Verse 33, it says, it is God who arms me with strength and keeps my way secure.
He makes my feet like the feet of a deer, and he causes me to stand on the heights.
He trains my hands for battle.
My arms can bend a bow of bronze.
You make your saving help, my shield,
Your help has made me great.
You provide a broad path for my feet so that my ankles do not give way.
Number three, if you're taking notes, love what David says here.
He says, he trains my hands for battle.
He trains my hands for battle.
How many of you know that we're in the middle of a war?
A spiritual war.
A war for the souls of a nation, of the world.
of our youth, of everyone.
There's a very real war happening.
And we all, I used to sing it all the time as a little kid, I may never march in the infantry, anyone, ride in the chute, I may never, because I'm in the Lord's army.
I need everyone to salute, ready?
I'm in the Lord's army.
All right, I like that.
Cool, that was awesome.
David says he trains my hands for battle.
We're in a battle.
But the beautiful part of it is we're in a battle of a war that's already been won.
It's over, it's finished, it's done, the end is written, we see it, spoiler alert, read the end of the book.
Jesus is already won.
We get to fight a winning fight.
We get to fight a fight with confidence.
But what I love is he doesn't just take us and go, go fight, good luck.
But it says he trains us.
I love, there's nothing I love more in a movie than a training montage, right?
I think of the Rocky movies.
He's like punching the meat, you know what I'm talking about?
Anyone, Drogo!
Anytime I'm standing on, it doesn't matter if it's like a five foot hill or like Pike's Peak in Colorado.
I'm Drogo!
There's nothing, a training montage pumps you up.
Like you watch a training montage in a movie and you get so excited.
To me, those parts of a movie where the main character is getting prepared for the end of the movie, the big climatic moment, the big fight scene, the big battle, whatever it is, like the training scene is more exciting to me than the actual battle.
I don't know why it just is.
It gets me fired up.
So like when Rocky comes on and those scenes, it's like, I want to start doing push-ups in my house and squats and I try to come up with these unconventional methods.
I don't know if punching meets a good idea.
My wife got mad because I had a chicken tender out and I was like doing this and she's like, Sean, I don't think that's how it works.
I don't know.
Maybe you haven't seen Rocky, maybe you're a Mulan fan.
Let's get down to business.
It doesn't matter what training scene, but I want you to picture that.
We might not fight battles like David did, but as I said, we're still in a battle.
We're in a battle for souls.
We're in a battle where I feel like the world is trying more and more and more to pull people away from Jesus.
Yet we're fighting for their eternity.
We're fighting for their hearts, for their souls.
It might look different today, but we're still fighting.
So we have a couple more testimonies that we're gonna hear here in a second.
And these aren't from actual soldiers.
They're not from amazing, like the most talented, and Tyreek and Jamie, please don't take offense to this, but the stories we're gonna hear from them is not people who are the most talented people in the world, and they're so amazing, and they just got this awesome gift, and that's why they're able to pour in and fight for the next generation.
But what you're gonna hear in these stories is people who very simply said, God, use me.
As I promise you, if your prayer is God, use me.
Heal, equip, empower you to be used.
He calls us his hands and feet.
He wants to use you.
And you don't do it on your own.
David said, he equips my, he trains my hands for battle.
God's the one who equips us.
God's the one who empowers us.
He just wants willing vessels who will say, use me.
So as you listen to their stories, I want you to have that same thought, is how is the Lord trying to train me?
How does the Lord want to use me to fight his battles?
How does the Lord want to use my life for his glory?
But let's hear these stories of people who can truly say he trains my hands for battle.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Tyrek Smith.
I've been serving in the family ministry as the leader for the past 13 years to whom I lovingly refer to as my God's guys, a group of around 20 middle and high school boys that help around with the teachers and parents however we can.
I'm sure all the men in the room can testify to how much of an adventure those years were and how much you soak up during that time as well.
I think there's a healthy amount of pressure in knowing that I have so many young boys in that phase of their life looking up to me, expecting me to be a good example for them.
It pushes me to be more patient, to be more stern when needed, to study the Bible more, especially the questions that kids around those ages are grappling with, knowing the truth of who God is and what His word teaches in depth is extremely important, especially with so much misunderstanding or misinterpretations in the world.
As a leader, I do my best to see where my God's guys are spiritually, to talk to them, to pray for them.
I also do a Bible study with them every Sunday that focuses on different aspects of our faith.
We're going through the book of Mark right now because I felt called to ensure that my newer, younger guys had a solid understanding of the gospel.
My main focus, generally, is on how to study the Bible, implement it, and teach it to others, which is inspired by 1 Peter 3.5, which says, in your heart, honor Christ the Lord as holy, always being prepared to make a defense to anyone who asks you for a reason for the hope that is in you.
And the key word to me is prepared, getting the next generation ready.
I'm happy to say that two of my oldest God guys have graduated and have been serving as leaders themselves for over a year now.
Caleb in the high school ministry is a small groups leader.
Chris in the family ministry is a small groups leader to the third graders.
And God's willing, more of my guys will continue to grow as leaders for those that come after them.
And I can testify that I will keep fighting for the next generation.
And I hope you will too.
Good morning.
My name is Jamie Stefanik.
And for the last eight years, I've had the honor and the privilege to serve with our youth in high school ministry, as well as serve with the young girls in CYA.
It's been such a blessing being able to lead a small group of CYA girls on my house every week with my co-leader and my best friend, Donna Green, who I would not be able to do this without.
Through mentoring these young ladies, we've had the opportunity to watch God move so powerfully in their lives and see the immense blessings that God has bestowed through mentorship.
When we first started this group, we lifted it up to the Lord and asked that He would allow it to be a group where these ladies could find good, solid community.
Wow, were we blown away.
God handpicked each of these ladies and brought several of them to our group in ways only that He could orchestrate.
Some I met in the New Believer's room after they had just given their life to the Lord, others at the altar during a time of prayer, and even just for that one who was sitting by herself in the sanctuary after service,
Praying for someone to come speak to her, and God led me right to her.
We've watched this little community lean on each other and help each other through the ups and downs of life as they pray for one another with a true heart for each other that comes only from God.
The friendships these girls have made with each other, not even knowing one another until this group started our life giving.
But not just for the girls, it's also brought life back to me.
Seven years ago,
my 28 year old daughter Rachel went home to be with the Lord.
And this sent me into a spiral of such deep grief.
And I didn't think that I would ever come out of it.
But God, God reached down and he tugged at my heart and he plays an intense desire to go and mentor girls so that they would know that someone cares for them deeply and they wanted to hear their issues, be there for them and lead them back to God's word.
Herein lies my passion for working with these young women.
I am now daily living up the verse in Joel 2.25 that says, so I will restore to you the years that the swarming locus has eaten.
God has been and is still now restoring me through these beautiful girls who I have this joyous chance to speak into their lives as they speak right back into my life.
I thank God for nudging me to mentor as well as the blessings that he's given me through these community of young women.
When it feels like progress is slow or you don't feel like you're making a difference, trust that God is at work in the hearts of those that you're mentoring.
So when you hear that small gentle voice telling you, this is the way, walk in it, do not hesitate to answer that call, but be prepared to see all that God can and he will do through your obedience to him.
As you step into whatever role God is calling you to, remember that you're not doing it alone.
When God calls you to something, he will not only equip you,
but he will walk with you every step of the way.
I can testify that I will keep fighting for the next generation.
I just wanna take a second and talk to the parents in the room, but maybe even, maybe you feel a calling to be a spiritual parent to someone.
Maybe you're in the room and you're only like seven or 15, but listen to this because one day you will be a parent.
And one day the Lord is going to use you in an incredible way in your own kids' lives.
I love hearing these stories, these testimonies of people who've stepped up, who work full time, who come and volunteer on the weekends and say, I want the Lord to use me to invest in someone else.
But the truth is, it starts at home.
Our investment in our kids is the most important thing that we could ever do.
It's the most important calling God has on the life of a parent.
And my hope, my prayer is one day as a father of a three-year-old that my son will grow up to say these things.
You have saved me.
The Lord has rewarded me.
He trains my hands for battle.
But that starts now.
That starts with pouring into him now.
That starts with investing in him now.
I want to show you a slide that I think an incredible way shows us the impact that we as parents can have on our children.
And it's this, it's from our friends at this organization called One Hope.
They do a lot of surveys and research and stuff like this, but they basically asked 11 to 13 year olds.
That's Jen Alpha, anyone ever hear of Jen Alpha?
So like Jen Alpha, depending on what people, people have different views of their age, but some people would consider some of them freshmen already.
So it's truly the next generation.
They're moving on up, but they interviewed 11 to 13 year olds.
And they asked this question, hey, do you read your Bible at least once a week on your own?
And here's what was so fascinating that this survey showed us is that 67% of those who said, I read the Bible on my own at least once a week said their parent also reads the Bible with them.
So think about that.
If you read your Bible with your kid,
They are more likely to read it on their own.
Compared to those who said, my parents don't read it with me, only 10% said they read their Bible on their own.
And you can look at those other stats right down there too.
And it says, hey, 58% just said, their parents don't even read the Bible with them.
They just see their parent reading the Bible.
I don't think you realize the impact of just having this open on the table and your kids seeing you read it has.
58 percent that read the Bible on their own once a week at least said their parent.
They see their parent read the Bible compared to only 14 percent who said they don't.
And what one hope found was this wasn't just true when it came to reading the Bible, but it was the same pattern that they saw when it came to prayer and sharing their faith with others.
And I was in Pasadena this past week at this place called Fuller Youth Institute, who also does a lot of research, and something I left with after they interviewed 3,000 people between the ages of 13 and 17, 1,000 of them weren't even Christians, is young people across the board find their identity, their belonging, and their purpose starting at home.
Young people are more likely to go to home and their parents than they are to go to their youth pastor or small group leader, believe it or not.
They're more likely to turn to their home to find their sense of identity before they would come to church.
They feel like they most belong at home than they do at school, than they do online.
The online numbers were actually really low.
It was shocking to me.
But the home is like rising up in an incredible way, and we have an amazing opportunity.
And I know some of you might be sitting in your seat and be like, my kid's 17, I mess.
It's never too late to start.
We talked about Rocky earlier.
If you remember in Rocky 6, he's like 80 years old and he's still fighting.
It's never too late to start.
You might not know where to start though.
We mentioned our QR code earlier on the back of the seats.
You can scan that.
We actually have a parenting talk on Thursday this week, all about technology, how to talk to your kids about, how to deal with all the crazy stuff in technology.
But we also have other resources, like literally just, here's questions to ask your kid after you read the Bible together.
Here's a Bible reading plan.
In the same way he trains our hands for battle, we want to equip you and empower you to be the primary discipler in your home.
So scan that QR code.
There's so many resources for you.
In so many ways, it's not too late to start.
Rocky's greatest quote is when he's really old.
You get knocked down and you get back up like it's never too late to start.
I want to close with verse 50.
It says, therefore, I will praise you, Lord, among the nations.
I will sing the praises of your name.
I love this."
He says everything he says, and then he reminds himself, I will praise you, Lord.
Verse 51, he gives his king great victories.
He shows unfailing kindness to his anointed, to David and his descendants forever.
Last and finally, as you probably noticed, all my points are literally quotes from David.
He shows unfailing kindness to his anointed, to David and his descendants.
forever.
God is faithful.
God is good.
God fulfills his promises.
God follows through every single time.
And the same God who is faithful in my past is going to be faithful to me today and going to be faithful to me in our future.
And the same God who was so faithful when this church was started 40 years ago in a funeral home that brought us to this building is going to be the same God who is faithful 40 years from now.
Some of us won't be around for that.
I hope I will.
I'll be 76, but still.
But I know God's doing something amazing.
And I know he always has more and better.
God hasn't given us the best that he has.
He has more and he has better.
If you're near someone you know, if you would just want to put a hand on their shoulder, if you just want to extend a hand to someone around you, but let's pray.
Jesus, thank you.
Thank you that you are good.
Thank you that you are faithful.
God, thank you that you want to use us.
You want to use your children.
You want to use your people.
You call us your hands and feet.
You literally don't need us, but for some reason you want to use us.
It blows my mind.
Thank you that you've saved us.
Thank you that you've rewarded us.
Thank you that you've trained us.
God, I first just want to pray for the parents standing.
God, I pray that you would just help them.
Just give them a boldness and a courage in their home.
Give them a wisdom in their home.
Help them to just love on their kids and pour into their kids and point their kids to you, God.
None of us are good enough to be parents, yet you've blessed us with the gift of our children.
So help them to understand that you trust them and you've given them those kids to raise.
You trusted them with your creation, God.
So help them to walk in that and believe that and equip and empower them, Lord.
And for those who are standing, God, who are just saying, God, use me.
I don't know what that means.
You might even be standing.
You're like, I don't even know why I'm standing, but you are.
God, I pray you would speak so clearly to them.
I pray that you would just give them a fire.
in their heart and in their mind.
That's just so evident that you are calling them to something.
Maybe it's that coworker.
They've always been supposed to talk to about you and they've just been scared to.
Maybe it's a friend in school.
Maybe it's something completely different.
Maybe you wanna start a ministry from someone in here.
Maybe you're calling someone to serve.
I don't know what it is, God, but I know you use your people, you use your church.
So I pray you would put it on their minds and hearts and make it so evident to them and help them to walk in the calling that you have on their life.
God, we are your church.
We are here now to be equipped for the work of the ministry.
So use us, God.
Use your people.
Use every person standing in this room, God.
We love you, and we pray all of this in Jesus' name.
Everybody said, all right.
Hey, if you're not already standing, we're gonna close in one more song.
You guys have heard it before.
We're gonna sing it again and again and again, because that is our prayer for these next 40 years that God will continue to do what He's done again and again.
Amen?
Amen, let's worship together.
All of our faith in the God who sees.
Telling our midst to master peace.
Our new generation will believe You are able You are faithful All our faith All of our faith in the God who speaks Holding to what You're promising
And you are faithful
is a family of God today, from young to further along.
We're just so thankful we got to join together.
Thanks for listening to today's message.
You know, here at Calvary, we believe a relationship with Jesus changes everything.
And if you've decided to follow Jesus, we'd love for you to text the word belief to 31352, so you can find out what it means to follow Christ.
And to learn more about Calvary and all of our campuses, you're free to visit calvaryftl.org.